The question often comes in management circles, "how much do you tell
the troops?", "how much do you tell your employees?", "how much is too
much?" A lot of people have a problem with telling the people working
for them too much because they say my power is I know things my
people don't know therefore they will have to come to me to find out
what's going on and I will be powerful. I've never felt that way.
I've always felt like you should flow everything you know down to the
people. Let them sit through what they want and retain what they don't.
And you keep your ears open for anything falling back up. So you
know what's going on. So I feel like I've always tried to get everybody
understand what my goals are and try to understand what my bosses
I would say the military is probably better at articulating the
goals of the organization. Setting forth the objective and letting
people know how they really should behave. The famous military historian
Kagan has pointed out that Ulysses Grant was very good at saying
'you need to take your division a move to that side of of the line,'
he would say you need to move that side of the line so why because
I need someone to support over there with artillery to keep them from
moving in that direction, so you need to block them. So the guy
knew what he was supposed to do not just what he had to do- but what
am I supposed to accomplish. Civilian life I've had some bosses who
never really explain to me what it was I was supposed to be accomplishing,
or how it would be great to accomplish. Sometimes it's good
sometimes it's bad but I think that military does a better job than
civilians.